well here's the start of my solar hot
water heater project I finally acquired
a hot water heater which in my case was
very hard to find but I finally found
one so this is the beginning we'll see
exactly how this works
all right well I've got my tank stripped
all off all the outer shell stripped off
got it all sanded down got it all
painted haven't checked for leaks yet
but I'll do that I probably should have
done that for a painted but oh well
anyway but there's my tank it's ready to
go and I've just now starting on the
frame for it started cutting some spare
two-by-fours that I had and then ran out
so I have to go get some more
two-by-fours and stuff and that's where
I'm at so far on my solar hot water
heater project
all right well so far here's the base to
the box here's where I've gotten so far
went you got some two by fours and just
made a basic frame four and a half feet
by two and a half feet and you got two
Center supports in the middle so that's
where I'm at so far that's the base all
right well I've got my base complete and
I just set the tank on top just to get
measurements of how high I want it in
the sides but but that's where I'm at at
the moment
all right well that's where I'm at so
far on building the box for it
mix the tank holders just I'm getting
the put on on the sides and I'll
put the back on here shortly
but that's where I'm at right now
in today's Labor Day and the effects of
Hurricane Gustav are just now wearing
off here where I live so it's actually
been a fun little day building while
there was a hurricane there you go
all right well here's where I'm at so
far I got the Box almost completed
painted the inside we're just two random
pain I had hanging around just to
protect the inside and then I insulate
it insulated it with that and that's
where I'm at so far as you can see it's
very reflective so it should capture
plenty of the sun's light what I got I
just went to the hardware store and I
just bought some of that
all right well
I got the unit partially done I took it
out I put the glass on top of it and I
tried it out just for a test run got
extremely hot the water was real hot
worked real good one thing I don't like
about this particular design is it's big
so now that I know that this type of
thing works real well I'm going to
rebuild a smaller version of this that
this tank have fit into so it's not such
a big cabinet but I will say the solar
hot water heater works very well at
least here in Florida that's where I
live so but the water was extremely hot
I'm very pleased with it
you